Muhd Amirul Ashraf (73):
      Now that the visual has passed the sound input to output test, we may proceed.
      Added a start and stop function signal processor.
      Modified the signalprocessor to enable bool and double output.
      Modified to use candidate name. And to use the debugMessage()
      Now will not add pg if the name is used.
      Try to port the MainWindow from the VoiceAnalyser project, and it's dependencies. Now compilable.
      Added the pvisual into mainwindow and add a graph abstraction provider. Now usable.
      Removed the use of static data and modified other class to suit it.
      Changed the pipeprovider pipetarget and pipefeed to a base class to makeuse of double and boolean pipeline.
      Just make the double pipeline class.
      Added a todo list.
      Sorry, todo mistake.
      Added boolean visual pipeline feed.
      Process graphic integration with double and boolean pipeline complete. And some header problem solved.
      Change some todo.
      Make some helper function at the signal processor and some process graphics geometry change.
      The double pipeline has a bug and had been fixed.It gui seems to work. Ported the signal scaler and the double container (now called Variable Double Generator). The provider used it's own dialog.
      Added the boolean generator provider.
      Tested the boolean pipeline. Ported the conditional output pipe to do it.
      Some todo modification.
      Todo changes
      Added a start and stop button to the PVisual. Added isStarted method on signal processor. The process graphics will change to magenta when isstarted == false. Detected strange problem on sound feeder.
      Add a remove context menu. But we have problems with some SignalProcessor cleanup.
      Solved the problem with pipeprovider cleanup.
      Todo Update.
      Added a helper function at the PipeProvider.
      Changed the structure of processgraphics. Process graphics is now a base class.
      added the default process graphic and now the variable double generator use widgeted processgraphics.
      Now the graph abstraction is using the widgeted process graphics.
      VariableDouble generator now do not use MainWindow. And the graph is now working.
      Graph strange problem stil exist.
      The graph panning problem solved with some hack.
      The boolean generator now also use the widgeted process graphics. And remove it MainWindow dependencies.
      Remove the use of the old MainWindow fully.
      ProcessGraphics and it's provider modification and it's dependencies.
      Code cleanup.
      Modified the pipeprocessprovider the enable saving and loading. The default implementation only take one properties that is "name".
      Added remove all button.
      Variable double generator setting fix.
      Fixed variable double generator bug.
      Saving probably done.
      Saving and loading is now operational but maybe buggy.
      Tooltip technique structure is complete. It's jus a matter of implementation.
      TODO update.
      Some ui changes.
      Added a conditional input signal pipe. Noticed a bug in which PGProvider name must never have spaces. And we have bugs regarding the PipeTarget and PipeProvider addressing on saving.
      PG rework is now complete. DefaultPG is deleted. Now only use widgeted PG. the PG subclass will now only do the ui costumization.
      Saving bug regarding Double and Boolean connection is now fixed.
      Rename ability done.
      UI changes done.
      Added a property dialog to aid development.
      Added a periodic list formatted and some bugfix on sppropertydialog.
      Some code cleanup.
      Sizing changes.
      Some little pipe provider tweak.
      Added a hamming window multiply signal processor.
      Added a signal block builder.
      TODO changes.
      Plugin Prototype.
      New provider helper function.
      Double generator minor Change.
      New class constant double generator provider.
      Added Variable and constant blcok generator.
      TODO update
      Multivector function pipe, Concatenate and subtract is done.
      Selective val implemented.
      Fixed the pipefeed movable glitch.
      Minor ui change.
      Added hamming window divide sp.
      Block normalizer done.
      Added an FFTProcessor.
      Signal expander is implemented along with it double index vector dependencies.
      FFt Rectangular to polar converter is added.

